help-and-info-mtools-lite.md, before:

---
description: Help & Info | MTools Lite
---

# Help & Info | MTools BLE

## Introduction

MTools BLE is used to study RFID cards with inner NFC and external Bluetooth LE RFID Reader.&#x20;

With inner NFC, you can read and write different types of tag depending on the Platform of your device. With the external Bluetooth LE RFID Reader, you can access all ISO1443-A Type tags with APDU command with optimized commands, also operate the UID changeable magic card with one click backdoor command.

## Download Link

|                                 iOS                                 |                                        Android                                       |
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mtools-lite/id1531345398) | [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mtoolstec.mtoolsLite) |

## Supported Card Type by NFC

|        Type       | Android | iOS |
| :---------------: | :-----: | :-: |
|        NTAG       |    ✓    |  ✓  |
| Mifare Classic 1K |    ✓    |  ✘  |
| Mifare Classic 4K |    ✓    |  ✘  |
|      DESFire      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|       Felica      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|      ISO7816      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|      ISO15693     |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|  other ISO14443-A |    ✓    |  ✓  |

## Supported Card Type by Reader

|        Type       |                                   PN532\_BLE                                  |
| :---------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Mifare Classic 1K |                                       ✓                                       |
| Mifare Classic 4K |                                       ✓                                       |
|       Felica      |                                       ✓                                       |
|    ISO14443-4A    |                                       ✓                                       |
|  Innovision Jewel |                                       ✓                                       |
|                   | [**Buy Now >>**](https://shop.mtoolstec.com/product/mtools-all-in-one-pn532)  |

## Terminal

Terminal for MTools Lite is a friendly-designed feature for the beginner and professionals. It shortens the complex command and checks byte calculation.&#x20;

### Video Guide

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgQkHbzhINI" %}

### NXP Document

[PN532 User Manual.pdf](https://www.nxp.com/docs/en/user-guide/141520.pdf)

[PN532 Datasheet.pdf](https://www.nxp.com.cn/docs/en/nxp/data-sheets/PN532\_C1.pdf)

## HEX Calculator

MTools BLE app can automatically calculate different types of check bytes, including **SUM**, **XOR**, **AND**, and **CS**(CheckSum).

## BCC Calculator

BCC stands for Block Check Character, which is the XOR value of the UID of the Mifare type card.

## ACS Decoder

ACS stands for Access Bits Controller of the Mfiare Classic 1K/4K tag. Fill in the 3 bits of the sector trailer, MTools app will show the permission of KeyA and KeyB while rea

Commit message:

GITBOOK-54: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

help-and-info-mtools-lite.md, after:

---
description: Help & Info | MTools Lite
---

# Help & Info | MTools BLE

## Introduction

MTools BLE is used to study RFID cards with inner NFC and external Bluetooth LE RFID Reader.&#x20;

With inner NFC, you can read and write different types of tag depending on the Platform of your device. With the external Bluetooth LE RFID Reader, you can access all ISO1443-A Type tags with APDU command with optimized commands, also operate the UID changeable magic card with one click backdoor command.

## Download Link

|                                 iOS                                 |                                        Android                                       |
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mtools-lite/id1531345398) | [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mtoolstec.mtoolsLite) |

## Supported Card Type by NFC

|        Type       | Android | iOS |
| :---------------: | :-----: | :-: |
|        NTAG       |    ✓    |  ✓  |
| Mifare Classic 1K |    ✓    |  ✘  |
| Mifare Classic 4K |    ✓    |  ✘  |
|      DESFire      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|       Felica      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|      ISO7816      |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|      ISO15693     |    ✓    |  ✓  |
|  other ISO14443-A |    ✓    |  ✓  |

## Supported Card Type by Reader

|        Type       |                                   PN532\_BLE                                  |
| :---------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Mifare Classic 1K |                                       ✓                                       |
| Mifare Classic 4K |                                       ✓                                       |
|       Felica      |                                       ✓                                       |
|    ISO14443-4A    |                                       ✓                                       |
|  Innovision Jewel |                                       ✓                                       |
|                   | [**Buy Now >>**](https://shop.mtoolstec.com/product/mtools-all-in-one-pn532)  |

## Terminal

Terminal for MTools Lite is a friendly-designed feature for the beginner and professionals. It shortens the complex command and checks byte calculation.&#x20;

### Video Guide

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgQkHbzhINI" %}

### NXP Document

[PN532 User Manual.pdf](https://www.nxp.com/docs/en/user-guide/141520.pdf)

[PN532 Datasheet.pdf](https://www.nxp.com.cn/docs/en/nxp/data-sheets/PN532\_C1.pdf)

## HEX Calculator

MTools BLE app can automatically calculate different types of check bytes, including **SUM**, **XOR**, **AND**, and **CS**(CheckSum).

## BCC Calculator

BCC stands for Block Check Character, which is the XOR value of the UID of the Mifare type card.

## ACS Decoder

ACS stands for Access Bits Controller of the Mfiare Classic 1K/4K tag. Fill in the 3 bits of the sector trailer, MTools app will show the permission of KeyA and KeyB while reading and writing the Mifare Sector.

## UID Changer

Support change the UID of Magic card from Gen1A, Gen2, Gen3 and Gen4. The functions support on the ChameleonUltra and PN532 Reader.

[Learn how to use UID Changer](how-to-use-uid-changer.md)

### Chameleon Ultra

MTools BLE supports GUI and CLI for ChameleonUltra, ChameleonUltra SE and   ChameleonLite.&#x20;

[Learn how to use ChameleonUltra with MTools BLE](how-to-use-chameleonultra.md)

### Pixl.js Tool

MTools BLE can manage the file and dump on Pixl.js devices. Also the firmware of Pixl.js OLED and LCD can be upgrade easily.

[Learn how to upgrade the firmware of Pixl.js with MTools BLE](upgrade-the-firmware-of-pixl.js.md)&#x20;
